[Incident Field Schema] Add the field "template" (#3264)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased

> * Fixed an issue where the **validate** command failed on a `Incident Field` with a `template` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **validate** failed on Incident Field items with a `template` value.
```
